Migrate searchbox docs from wiki (#3918)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/book/using/searchbox.adoc

[[SearchBox-Caseinsensitivesearch]]
=== Case insensitive search

If you want the search box to be case insensitive, go to your profile configuration page (/jenkins/user/<your profile>/configure) and activate the corresponding option.

[.boxshadow]
image:using/search/case-sensitivity.png[image]

Please note that case-insensitive search is not available for anonymous (not logged in) users.

[[SearchBox-OpenSearchsupport]]
=== OpenSearch support

This search box feature is also exposed to the browser through http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OpenSearch[OpenSearch], so you can install this search and auto-completion feature to your browser search box. This would further reduce the overhead it takes for you to visit a particular page in Jenkins.

For example in Firefox, you can add the Jenkins search to your browser's search engines via the dropdown on the right of the address bar:

[.boxshadow]
image:using/search/add-to-firefox.png[image]

[[SearchBox-Feedbackappreciated]]
=== Feedback appreciated

> There's always a room for improvements in how Jenkins associates search terms with actual pages. your feedbacks are appreciated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There's always a room for improvements in how Jenkins associates search terms with actual pages. Your feedback is appreciated.
```
